I'm a full-stack .NET developer. 
I graduated from Coder Foundry in December 2019 where I learned the .NET stack, Xamarin, Bootstrap, SQL, HTML, and more. 
I have a growing intrest in crossplatform app development with Xamarin. Below you'll find some of my projects and coding challenges I've completed.


////

Hello there, and welcome to my portfolio! My name is Mark Corum and I am a 25 year old accountant turned programmer. 
After getting my degree I decided there was no better time to strike out on my own and try to create my own accounting business.

After a while, I realized that accounting didn't give me that "hands in the dirt" feeling I enjoy.
I never had any experience with coding or IT in general, but the program at Coder Foundry seemed interesting and I gave it a try. 
Now, with their help, I have learned a variety of skills including: HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, C# and the .NET framework, and more.

For employers out there, I am excited about the opportunity to develop further, and add value to your organization! 
My core values revolve around being respectful, helpful, optimistic, and result-oriented!


////

I am a Full Stack Developer with experience building open source projects. I am fond of solving complex problems encountered in daily life. 
I love to convert my dreams into efficient code.I am a Compititive Programmer at HackerRank, CodeForces, CodeChef

My projects makes use of vast variety of latest technology tools. 
My best experience is to create Data Science projects and deploy them to web applications using cloud infrastructure.

I am available on almost every social media. 
You can message me, I will reply within 24 hours. I can help you with ML, AI, Front End, Backend, Android, Cloud, DevOps, Web Development and Opensource Development.

For individual fundamental empowerment, I like to write powerful lessons that create impact on each of the reader individually to change the core of their character.

/// 
I am a Software developer from India and I have been building applications, websites for years, which bring my client or my idea to life. 
I always try to convert a vision and an idea into meaningful and useful software products to solve a real life problem.
Having a sharp eye for product evolution helps me prioritize tasks, iterate fast and deliver faster.

A disciplined son, a loving brother and an idiot friend.